README.md, before:

# Generic Secure Development Environment

These ansible scripts are free to use and follow where possible best practice guidence from the security community. Please feel free to fork this repository for your own needs and also submit pull requests to enhance or harden where approptiate.

All modules included here should work as a minimum under xfce4 with either an Ubuntu or RedHat/CentOS base image. For Ubuntu the compatability checks start at 16.04 where as for RedHat/CentOS it also supports 6.7 along with 7 and above however, continuing support for 6.7 is not required so long as the module checks to only install on OS's of a higher version.


## Bits on the list to add

* blackbox - Stackexchange
* DNSMasq 
* aide - filesystem monitoring

?? how to require a password for debian single user mode and disable interactive boot mode


## Usage

### Production

To bootstrap this job please run:

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UKHomeOffice/development_environment/master/ansible/install.sh | bash
```

### Development

This will install the latest tagged release, if you are developing and need a development version (not to be used on live machines but within Vagrant or test boxes) then you can run the following to pull and built the lastest development release:

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UKHomeOffice/development_environment/develop/ansible/install.sh | TAG=develop bash
```

### Setting up the proxy
Running the PXE server requires setting up a proxy. First, make sure the IP address specified in the Makefile is one that your local machine has on e.g. an ethernet connection. Then clone the following git repository:

```
https://github.com/keaosolutions/docker-proxy-cache
```

Finally, start the proxy server by running the following commands in the new directory:

    make run

This builds and runs a local proxy with port 3128 exposed to your local network, please then update the Makefile for the development_environment project to have your local IP address as the proxy server.

Commit message:

Updated readme with instructions for installing awesome-wm

README.md, after:

# Generic Secure Development Environment

These ansible scripts are free to use and follow where possible best practice guidence from the security community. Please feel free to fork this repository for your own needs and also submit pull requests to enhance or harden where approptiate.

All modules included here should work as a minimum under xfce4 with either an Ubuntu or RedHat/CentOS base image. For Ubuntu the compatability checks start at 16.04 where as for RedHat/CentOS it also supports 6.7 along with 7 and above however, continuing support for 6.7 is not required so long as the module checks to only install on OS's of a higher version.


## Bits on the list to add

* blackbox - Stackexchange
* DNSMasq 
* aide - filesystem monitoring

?? how to require a password for debian single user mode and disable interactive boot mode


## Usage

### Production

To bootstrap this job please run:

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UKHomeOffice/development_environment/master/ansible/install.sh | bash
```

### Development

This will install the latest tagged release, if you are developing and need a development version (not to be used on live machines but within Vagrant or test boxes) then you can run the following to pull and built the lastest development release:

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UKHomeOffice/development_environment/develop/ansible/install.sh | TAG=develop bash
```

If you also want to install awesome-wm then run the following (this method is subject to change if/when further DevOps-specific tools are added):

``
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UKHomeOffice/development_environment/develop/ansible/install.sh | TAG=develop AWM=true bash
```

### Setting up the proxy
Running the PXE server requires setting up a proxy. First, make sure the IP address specified in the Makefile is one that your local machine has on e.g. an ethernet connection. Then clone the following git repository:

```
https://github.com/keaosolutions/docker-proxy-cache
```

Finally, start the proxy server by running the following commands in the new directory:

    make run

This builds and runs a local proxy with port 3128 exposed to your local network, please then update the Makefile for the development_environment project to have your local IP address as the proxy server.
